keyboards/handwired/space_oddity/readme.md, before:

Space Oddity Keyboard
=====================

This firmware is for an Emacs-focused handwired custom keyboard using an Arduino Pro Micro.

As originally designed, the top row consists of 2u keys which are used for user-defined macros. The keys for Shift and Enter are 1.75u.

Some simple example macros are included. To add your own, just add the number of the macro you want in the appropriate section.

A picture of the finished product can be found here: https://imgur.com/dE9Y4XK

## Pinout

The following pins are used:
- Columns 1-12: B2, B6, B5, B4, E6, D7, C6, D4, D0, D1, D2, D3
- Rows 1-6: F4, F5, F6, F7, B1, B3

## Compiling and loading the firmware

To build the firmware, run `make handwired/space_oddity` from the toplevel directory.

On GNU/Linux, you can flash the default layout onto the microcontroller by using `avrdude -p atmega32u4 -P /dev/ttyACM0 -c avr109 -U flash:w:handwired_space_oddity_default.hex`. Note that the device name under `/dev` may be different. 


This design was conceived by James Taylor. Any requests for further information, suggestions, and/or tips for building your own are welcome!

Commit message:

add jcgtwo preonic map, pull from upstream

keyboards/handwired/space_oddity/readme.md, after:

# Space Oddity Keyboard

![Space Oddity](https://i.imgur.com/dE9Y4XK.jpg)

This firmware is for an Emacs-focused handwired custom keyboard using an Arduino Pro Micro.

As originally designed, the top row consists of 2u keys which are used for user-defined macros. The keys for Shift and Enter are 1.75u.

Some simple example macros are included. To add your own, just add the number of the macro you want in the appropriate section.

This design was conceived by James Taylor. Any requests for further information, suggestions, and/or tips for building your own are welcome!

Keyboard Maintainer: [James Taylor](https://github.com/broken-username)  
Hardware Supported: Arduino Pro Micro  

## Pinout

The following pins are used:
- Columns 1-12: B2, B6, B5, B4, E6, D7, C6, D4, D0, D1, D2, D3
- Rows 1-6: F4, F5, F6, F7, B1, B3

## Flashing

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make handwired/space_oddity:default

On GNU/Linux, you can flash the default layout onto the microcontroller by using

    avrdude -p atmega32u4 -P /dev/ttyACM0 -c avr109 -U flash:w:handwired_space_oddity_default.hex
    
Note that the device name under `/dev` may be different. 

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).
