docs/README.md, before:

# Quantum Mechanical Keyboard Firmware

[![Current Version](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tags)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/qmk/qmk_firmware)
[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/440868230475677696.svg)](https://discord.gg/Uq7gcHh)
[![Docs Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-ready-orange.svg)](https://docs.qmk.fm)
[![GitHub contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulse/monthly)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/qmk/qmk_firmware.svg?style=social&label=Fork)](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/)

## What is QMK Firmware?

QMK (*Quantum Mechanical Keyboard*) is an open source community that maintains QMK Firmware, QMK Toolbox, qmk.fm, and these docs. QMK Firmware is a keyboard firmware based on the [tmk\_keyboard](http://github.com/tmk/tmk_keyboard) with some useful features for Atmel AVR controllers, and more specifically, the [OLKB product line](http://olkb.com), the [ErgoDox EZ](http://www.ergodox-ez.com) keyboard, and the [Clueboard product line](http://clueboard.co/). It has also been ported to ARM chips using ChibiOS. You can use it to power your own hand-wired or custom keyboard PCB.

## How to Get It

If you plan on contributing a keymap, keyboard, or features to QMK, the easiest thing to do is [fork the repo through Github](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware#fork-destination-box), and clone your repo locally to make your changes, push them, then open a [Pull Request](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/pulls) from your fork.

Otherwise, you can either download it directly ([zip](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/zipball/master), [tar](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/tarball/master)), or clone it via git (`git@github.com:qmk/qmk_firmware.git`), or https (`https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware.git`).

## How to Compile

Before you are able to compile, you'll need to [install an environment](getting_started_build_tools.md) for AVR or/and ARM development. Once that is complete, you'll use the `make` command to build a keyboard and keymap with the following notation:

    make planck/rev4:default

This would build the `rev4` revision of the `planck` with the `default` keymap. Not all keyboards have revisions (also called subprojects or folders), in which case, it can be omitted:

    make preonic:default

## How to Customize

QMK has lots of [features](features.md) to explore, and a good deal of [reference documentation](http://docs.qmk.fm) to dig through. Most features are taken advantage of by modifying your [keymap](keymap.md), and changing the [keycodes](keycodes.md).

Commit message:

add jcgtwo preonic map, pull from upstream

docs/README.md, after:

# Quantum Mechanical Keyboard Firmware

## What is QMK Firmware?

QMK (*Quantum Mechanical Keyboard*) is an open source community centered around developing computer input devices. The community encompasses all sorts of input devices, such as keyboards, mice, and MIDI devices. A core group of collaborators maintains [QMK Firmware](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware), [QMK Configurator](https://config.qmk.fm), [QMK Toolbox](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_toolbox), [qmk.fm](https://qmk.fm), and this documentation with the help of community members like you.

## Get Started

<div class="flex-container">

?> **Basic** [QMK Configurator](newbs_building_firmware_configurator.md) <br>
User friendly graphical interfaces, no programming knowledge required.

?> **Advanced** [Use The Source](newbs.md) <br> 
More powerful, but harder to use.

</div>

## Make It Yours

QMK has lots of features to explore, and a good deal of reference documentation to dig through. Most features are taken advantage of by modifying your [keymap](keymap.md), and changing the [keycodes](keycodes.md).

## Need help?

Check out the [support page](support.md) to see how you can get help using QMK.

## Give Back

There are a lot of ways you can contribute to the QMK Community. The easiest way to get started is to use it and spread the word to your friends.

* Help people out on our forums and chat rooms:
    * [/r/olkb](https://www.reddit.com/r/olkb/)
    * [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/Uq7gcHh)
* Contribute to our documentation by clicking "Edit This Page" at the bottom
* [Translate our documentation into your language](translating.md)
* [Report a bug](https://github.com/qmk/qmk_firmware/issues/new/choose)
* [Open a Pull Request](contributing.md)
